explain the dedupe window (#5296)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/guides/duplicate-data.md

## 99% deduplication

> Segment has a special deduplication service that sits behind the `api.segment.com` endpoint and attempts to drop 99% of duplicate data. To achieve it, Segment stores at least 24 hours worth of event `messageId`s, which allows Segment systems to deduplicate any data that appears with the same `messageId` within the stored values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment has a special deduplication service that sits behind the `api.segment.com` endpoint and attempts to drop 99% of duplicate data. Segment stores at least 24 hours' worth of event `messageId`s, which allows Segment to deduplicate any data that appears with the same `messageId` within the stored values.
```
